update(S3, S3 Tables): Update config method for access keys (#3162)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/s3-tables.md

- **Catalog**: A metadata container in Athena that organizes databases (namespaces) and tables.
- **Database (Namespace)**: A logical group of tables under a catalog.
- **Iceberg Table**: A high-performance, transactional table format for data lakes. It supports schema evolution, partition pruning, and time travel queries.

### Deployment Prerequisites and Credential Sources

The S3 Tables connector supports two ways to obtain credentials. Choose based on your EMQX deployment environment:

- **Option 1: Manually configure access keys**
  When [creating a connector](#create-a-connector), you need to provide the **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key**. These credentials must have the required permissions for the target S3 Tables and Athena. Suitable for local/container/Kubernetes/non-AWS clouds, or EC2 without an attached instance role. 

  To create and manage access keys for an IAM user, see the [AWS documentation on managing access keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html).

- **Option 2: Automatically obtain temporary credentials (EC2 only)**

>    If EMQX runs on an AWS EC2 instance and the instance has an attached IAM role with the necessary permissions, you can leave **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key** blank in the connector. EMQX will use IMDSv2 to fetch temporary credentials associated with that role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If EMQX runs on an AWS EC2 instance and the instance has an attached IAM role with the necessary permissions, you can leave **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key** blank in the connector. EMQX will use IMDSv2 API to fetch temporary credentials associated with that role.
```

  To learn how to assign an IAM role to an EC2 instance, see the [AWS documentation on IAM roles for Amazon EC2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2.html).

::: tip Note

- Ensure the instance role has sufficient permissions to the target S3 Tables (bucket/table) and Athena; otherwise, **Test Connectivity** may fail.

> - It’s recommended to enforce IMDSv2-only on the instance; if you are not on EC2 or no role is attached, use **Option 1** and enter access keys manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It’s recommended to use an IAM role attached to EC2 instance to manage temporary credentials; if you are not on EC2 or no role is attached, use **Option 1** and enter access keys manually.
```
